hello friends I just wanted to touch
base with you about my traveling
watercolor kits that I'm going to take
with me on my trip this weekend it's
I've gotten it concise down to as small
as I can I did have a metal box before
that I've posted about but it was just
too heavy and so I have purchased a few
things and made it a little smaller so
it fits about was about eight inches and
that's because this both of the this bag
and book is eight inches and this is the
visual journal strength more five and a
half by eight and I really like it so
this is what I'll take with me anything
that I really like I'll probably cut out
and send us a postcard or something so I
take that and then I also have this kit
it's an old Clinique makeup kit and then
I have everything I need and so I'm
first off I have a Windsor Newton pocket
kit I've made a swatch and then also
have the brush that came with it which I
actually really like for detailed work I
do little bookmarks and things like that
which I really like full using this
brush for so and I use these when I'm
traveling only mainly because I have
another watercolor kit to hold some more
so I have this water holder this
actually hold has my water in it and
this is not watertight so it leaks and
so I have to have something else it and
the water pen and that's all that's in
here so I'm starting with that this is a
toothbrush holder and it has my pencil
but I carry with me and here is
I have a number three micron pigma pen
and this is just great for doing extra
little details or signing my art things
like that I have these two Kraft smart
little brushes that I got in a kit I
think was like $4.99 they aren't the
best brushes but they're great for
traveling because I just don't want to
spend I don't want to cut my really nice
brushes off and these are short but my
Robert Simmons brush which is a filbert
it's one of my favorites it does fit in
here so I take this with me everywhere
and this says it's a 1/4 Robert Simmons
and it's a filbert which I really like
these two brushes came in a water
coloring kit that I got which actually
was what started me on watercolors from
my mother-in-law she gave me this
postcard kit with the primary colors
plus green and it caught me running and
so I have kept these brushes I really
like it ones round ones flat which
really helps and back to these really
quick this is a flat 5/8 and this is a
number 4 round so I would imagine that
this is a 2 I don't know though for sure
because they weren't labeled in this kit
that I got I use a mechanical pencil I
really like these paper made sharp
writers I use a pretty hard ink or hard
lead in here and it twists to release
the lead and it has kind of a spring in
the lid which I really like because then
I don't break it because I often times
are pretty hard I use this eraser here
sometimes but I'm moving on to this I
have a kneaded eraser in here so I have
a little sponge i kneaded eraser as an
old pencil let holder which I put salt
in for the effect extra lead I don't
know why I need that much lead but
that's ok I have tape for going around
my art if I wanted to do a full
landscape I've got a syringe here which
I use for collecting water in one place
and going to another this is a an extra
ink cartridge for my
Schaffer pen which I keep in my bag but
this always goes with me when I'm doing
art and stuff so I take it with me a
little bit of oh this is white which was
in a weird tube that didn't close so I
just decided put it in a straw and then
I can add water to it squish it a little
and then get some white out and but this
actually has white in it so I don't
actually need the extra white I just had
it in my kit from when I had to pay
before I have wax paper for resists and
extra paper towels carry a toothpick
just in case I need to make any marks on
it and then the water brush which I
can't without when I'm out and about cuz
if I'm doing little things I like to use
the water brush so and that's those the
things that I carry with me on a regular
basis I usually will have them with me
all of the time just in case I feel the
need to sketch something out and do some
doodling and but that's mainly what I
carry with me if you have any questions
please leave the comments leave a
comment in the comments below and like
this video if you like the things you
saw and please give me some feedback
about my video if you think that I could
do it better or have any tips for me as
this is my second or third youtube video
thank you so much and have a great day